:memo: Document resource fields (#24)
cloudtamer-io/terraform-provider-cloudtamerio: docs/resources/project_cloud_access_role.md

- **aws_iam_policies** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_iam_policies)) IDs of the AWS IAM policies attached to this role.
- **azure_role_definitions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure_role_definitions)) IDs of the Azure Role Definitions attached to this role.
- **future_accounts** (Boolean) If future accounts is true, this cloud access role will be added to any account that is added to this project.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **long_term_access_keys** (Boolean) If long term key access is true, users of this cloud access role can generate aws long-term access keys.
- **short_term_access_keys** (Boolean) If short term key access is true, users of this cloud access role can generate short-term access keys.
- **user_groups** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_groups)) IDs of the user groups allowed to use this role to access the AWS console.
- **users** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users)) IDs of the users allowed to use this role to access the AWS console.

> - **web_access** (Boolean) If web access is true, users of this cloud access role can log into the console. ill default to false if not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **web_access** (Boolean) If web access is true, users of this cloud access role can log into the AWS web console. Will default to false if not set.
```
